Snowball my son.
Our next problem like stuff or something was sort of like you go from this position to his position
which is pretty classes he could make straight lines.
Now I would like to find another method that dildoe to go to a certain golden age.
OK so I'm going to call this method the goal which I have to define close.
It's not about define the method that is goal more goal.
It takes two.
And the first method is the goal.
This is the point where I'm glad to see you go.
And this is the this is others because of of course I cannot specify with complete accuracy but this
is because somebody listens to us.
So our goal now is actually to make moves to certain location is the co-location before diving into
coding let's understand the theory behind the control of the robot in order to move to a certain point.
So for what we call proportional control so a portion of the year we have two components one for literacy
and the other one is for this theory.
And also what we call the ability.
So the that we make that the velocity of the robot.
OK let me get in here.
But in our case is a lot of the extraction will be a constant that multiplied by what is this.
This is actually the distance between the location specified by exercise.
This is the X of the goal location minus X of the current position of the robot.
OK.
That's the why of the work on hand that is also Square.
OK so this is basically that it really is this and you can observe it as hard as the robot is approaching
or this this is this this is become smaller and smaller.
Ok it means this.
This is with zero.
And as a consequence the velocity.
Also we want to zero in the same way we are going to define this thing and that is the stuff you take
out of the goal.
And this is defined by the standard or the difference between the y component of the position of the
target the goal location minus the current position divided by x.
Stop that all the gold mine is the X.
So this is no can function that actually defines the balls or the anger.
The old man at this point is the gold age.
So what's the object of control for the city is actually to minimize the difference between the current
orientation and the nation toward the goal point.
So this is the difference between both.
So why this difference.
It's become become smaller and smaller so they also become smaller and smaller and we tend to feel the
need to multiply by a certain constant.
So of course it depends on the application each set.
OK.
And this forces must be greater.
So with this we are going this year.
Do we want to take the Undercity the proportion to the difference or the orientation to go are in the
same way that any of in a city would be proportional to the distance between the goal location and the
current position.
Okay look too complicated can perform an implementation of the go to goal control.
Let's not dismiss it.
So the idea is that we are going to implement what we call a controller.
First of all we find out message and that we are going to find any evidence of the anger that you saw
here that your wife said it you know and I look at some of the why would I need to specify the university
the x component.
OK.
And it's going to be proportional.
That's what they call is proportional to the distance between the cars you should see at the GO position.
So here I have to get a distance which is good but it really is.
So the approaches the go that your ex will come to the gate when it is very close to the goal is going
to be close to zero.
And that is exactly the goal of course to be accurate.
So safety for the city is proportional to the plunger all the way.
And the most become when it becomes zero all day.
So it didn't close to zero.
So this is they despite all the two points on the issues that go under the sea.
OK so this is going to be the opportunity to use the BP.
That doesn't seem the goal direction.
So why don't they see one that the same has the same.
Yes definitely.
Of course the last thing becomes because the.
That's why we got onto it.
This is the message not are going to publish them the business.
The and is the most the goal because that is those dollars.
And finally we are going to publish zero message you know too much to the book store.
OK now let's test our program.
So first of all we need to be fine.
OK.
Let's go.
This is the go goes to the five to one.
Wow.
And you get to sit here and finally make the move go ask to move to the goal point.
This is OK so let's go out oh go and you could bill.
And no this is good because you know so this is the position I want.
So this is the position.
This is why I'm here.
So now Mr. Tickle was asked the question.
So all in all up.
So because of these polls you should know that we that straight.
You see here.
And so on so it's going to be we can't find any candidate other than that but this is one possible.
Make sure you catch.